1318642110
AddFieldnameToUsers	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/db/migrate/20111004080028_add_fieldname_to_users.rb	class AddFieldnameToUsers 
Application	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateSpots	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/db/migrate/20110928000712_create_spots.rb	class CreateSpots 
CreateUsers	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/db/migrate/20110928071717_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
ErrorMessagesHelper	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	module ErrorMessagesHelper
FormBuilderAdditions	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  module FormBuilderAdditions
SessionsController	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	class SessionsController 
SessionsControllerTest	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/functional/sessions_controller_test.rb	class SessionsControllerTest 
SessionsHelper	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb	module SessionsHelper
SessionsHelperTest	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/unit/helpers/sessions_helper_test.rb	class SessionsHelperTest 
Spot	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/models/spot.rb	class Spot 
SpotTest	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/unit/spot_test.rb	class SpotTest 
SpotsController	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/spots_controller.rb	class SpotsController 
SpotsControllerTest	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/functional/spots_controller_test.rb	class SpotsControllerTest 
SpotsHelper	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/helpers/spots_helper.rb	module SpotsHelper
SpotsHelperTest	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/unit/helpers/spots_helper_test.rb	class SpotsHelperTest 
TestCase	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/functional/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/unit/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
V1	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/config/application.rb	module V1
authenticate	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/models/user.rb	  def self.authenticate(email, password)
change	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/db/migrate/20110928000712_create_spots.rb	  def change
change	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/db/migrate/20110928071717_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/db/migrate/20111004080028_add_fieldname_to_users.rb	  def change
create	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/spots_controller.rb	  def create
create	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_user
destroy	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/spots_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  	def destroy
edit	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/spots_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
encrypt_password	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/models/user.rb	  def encrypt_password
error_messages	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	    def error_messages(options = {})
error_messages_for	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  def error_messages_for(*objects)
index	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/spots_controller.rb	  def index
index	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/spots_controller.rb	  def new
new	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
password	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/models/user.rb		attr_accessor :password
show	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/spots_controller.rb	  def show
show	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
title	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title
update	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/spots_controller.rb	  def update
update	/Users/Elliott/Rails/v1/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
